I do what I do because of my dad he gave
his life through the pursuit of
knowledge
because up there is where our story's
gonna be told
[Music]
this is a top-secret psychological
evaluation please describe your current
emotional state I'm steady I'm ready to
do my job to the best of my abilities
[Music]
I will remain calm I will remain focused
I look just like your dad there he was
the first man to the outer solar system
he was a pioneer but there was much more
to him than that
[Music]
please state your mission objective
something to stop an uncontrolled
antimatter reaction that's threatens our
entire solar system we're approaching
Mars
[Music]
space con believes my father's
responsible
we're doing big things that you're real
big
[Music]
what did he find out there in the abyss
the enemy up here is not a person or a
thing
it's the endless void
the world awaits our discovery my son
[Music]